now David said is there still anyone who
is left of the house of song that I may
show him kindness for Jonathan sake and
there was a servant of the house of soul
whose name was either so when they had
called him to David the king said to him
are you sober at your service is there
not still someone of the house of Saul
to whom I may show the kindness of God
there is still a son of Jonathan who is
lame in his feet where is he
indeed he is in the house of maker the
son of mal in lo debar
then King David sent and brought him out
of the house of make here the son of our
meal from lo diba now when mephibosheth
the son of Jonathan the son of Saul had
come to David he fell on his face and
prostrated himself the fishes here is
your servant do not fear for I will
surely show you kindness for Jonathan
your father's sake and will restore to
you all the land of Saul your
grandfather and you shall eat bread at
my table continually then he bowed
himself what is your servant that you
should look upon such a dead dog as I
and the king called to ziba Saul servant
I have given to your master's son all
that belonged to Psalm and to all his
house you therefore and your sons and
your servants shall work the land for
him and you shall bring in the harvest
that your master's son may have food to
eat but Mephibosheth your master's son
shall he bread in my table always now
cyber had 15 sons and twenty servants
then Sciver said to the king
according to all that my lord the King
has commanded his servant so will your
servant do as form of foolish F he shall
eat at my table like one of the king's
sons
mephibosheth had a young son whose name
was Micah and all who dwelt in the house
of Zeidler was servants of mephibosheth
so mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem for
he ate continually at the Kings table
and he was lame in both his feet